[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
You know, there is no topic
that really strikes home for me
than the subject of
extraterrestrials'
artifacts on other
planets and other systems.
And we have a very special
guest today, Billy Carson.
Billy has been investigating
for years now the possibility
of anomalies throughout
the solar system, perhaps
on other planets outside
the solar system as well.
Billy, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>BILLY CARSON: Thank you.
I'm glad to be here.
>>NOORY: You, many years ago,
formed a very interesting
organization.
Tell us about that.
>>CARSON: We'll, we're
called the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
And it's a group of 14
of us that came together.
We had already been researching
official NASA and European
Space Agency documents
and images from many years
separately.
When I started getting involved
with this group I said,
look guys, we'd be better
if we come together,
coalesce into one
giant organization
and then focus all of
our energy into one place
so that we can actually rub
things off of each other.
Get opinions whether
this looks real
or that looks fake or is
this really there or not.
And it's people from all
different genres and people
from all around the world.
We've really done a
phenomenal job, I think,
in coming together
and exposing anomalies
that are out there in space.
>>NOORY: You're like the United
Nations of anomalies now.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Brilliant idea.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>NOORY: And the contribution
of all these people, have they
enhanced what you do?
>>CARSON: Oh, absolutely,
significantly.
Because at first
it was just myself
looking through
mostly Mars images,
because there was a
lot of data from Mars
because we've sent the
majority of the probes
to Mars and rovers to Mars.
But now when I started reaching
out and tapping into people
that were researching
the moons of Jupiter,
the moons of Saturn, our
moon itself, and even earth
anomalies, megalithic
structures around the planet,
I began to see a
much bigger picture.
And I started seeing how
all these anomalies kind of
tied together.
They appeared to have
the same architect.
>>NOORY: And Billy, when
you talk about anomalies
from images, are we
talking about looking
at pictures sent back to us?
What are you looking at?
>>CARSON: We're
looking at images
that are sent back to us from
space probes and rovers that
are on Mars, for example.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>CARSON: And also
the Huygens probe,
which went out to Saturn.
So these images are official
images from official sources,
from NASA, the European Space
Agency, the Russian Space
Agency, we even
images from there.
The Indian Space agency also
now have now recently gone out
and sent an actual
satellite to Mars.
>>NOORY: Now does
NASA, for example,
really understand what they're
sending out to the public?
I mean, how do you
get this information?
>>CARSON: Well, it's
publicly available.
Because fortunately
for us, our taxes
help fund this and pay for it.
At first, they weren't
releasing the images.
>>NOORY: Ah-ha.
>>CARSON: They
were holding back.
And then, I forget the
name of the senator,
but there was a senator
that said, look,
if you don't release
these images we're
going to file suit.
And then--
>>NOORY: We own them, right?
>>CARSON: We own them.
Other people came
behind him, civilians,
citizens of the world and said,
look, we want these images
or we're going to file.
So eventually it became
such a big problem
they say OK, let's start
releasing the images.
So one day they released
like 500,000 at once.
And then from there it started
coming in on a constant stream,
images coming down.
Very low quality compared
to what I think they
really have, but they have
been releasing the images.
>>NOORY: Clearly though,
they don't spell out
what the images show.
You have to look for that.
>>CARSON: You have
to look for it.
It's a very detailed process.
I mean literally getting
out a real magnifying glass,
bringing the image down
into a photo program
that you can actually analyze,
taking away some of the haze,
and really going almost
centimeter by centimeter
looking for out
of place objects.
And that's the most
important thing.
We don't want to say
it's this, and we
don't want to say it's that.
All we can say is that this
particular object that we're
looking at in this image doesn't
appear to match the surrounding
terrain.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: And that's what
an anomaly is for us.
>>NOORY: And overall,
what kind of anomalies
are we talking about?
>>CARSON: We're talking about
a lot of structural anomalies,
mostly.
Structural meaning that
they appear to have
walls, remnants of buildings.
You can even see
in some images what
appear to be tops of roofs.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARSON: Doors.
>>NOORY: So pretty good size.
>>CARSON: Pretty good size.
Some are super massive
and some are small.
We've seen some structures
as high as three
and four miles off of the
surface of the planet.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>CARSON: And we've seen some
structures just a few inches
off the surface of the planet.
But they are truly
interesting objects
that have geometry and
have what we would consider
to be recognizable traits of
things we would see on Earth.
>>NOORY: So when you look
at these objects and these
structures, clearly
you say to yourself,
this cannot be made
by Mother Nature.
>>CARSON: Right,
that's the thing.
And now, Mother Nature
does have the capability
of making geometric
shapes or 90 degree
angles in certain
situations with crystals
and different rock formations.
But what we're seeing is
something totally different.
And this is one of the main
reasons why we decided to form,
to come together as a group.
So that we can actually bounce
a lot of the information off
of each other and say, OK, based
on your technique of finding
these anomalies, how
does this look to you?
Do you think this is a structure
that may or may not be there?
You know, people have different
ways of analyzing the images.
And it gives us a better
idea, collectively,
of whether to say
OK to the public,
this is one thing that
we think is an anomaly.
Very often we find things
that turn out to be nothing.
>>NOORY: Nothing, of course.
>>CARSON: But we do find quite
a few that have turned out
to be real anomalies.
>>NOORY: Do you look at the
small fossil records too?
Or just primarily are you
looking for structures?
>>CARSON: We do look
at fossil records.
Now that's a very interesting
term you just used.
Because a lot of
the anomalies we
discover on Mars appear to
be bones, not actual rocks.
And there's one particular
image in McMurdo Valley that was
taken by the Opportunity Rover.
And this particular
entire little area,
which is about maybe 20 meters,
has quite a few bones there.
I mean, dozens-- what
appear to be bones.
I can't say they're
bones for sure.
But they appear to be femurs
and just little bits of bones
all over the place.
Very, very interesting.
>>NOORY: Any bones of what you
would think to be humans or you
know, somebody--
>>CARSON: Humanoid?
>>NOORY: --that looks like us?
>>CARSON: One of the most famous
images that we've discovered
was by Martine Grainey, of one
of our Anomaly Hunter groups.
>>NOORY: One of
your team members.
>>CARSON: Yes.
She runs Martian Genesis.
And she actually
has a very clear--
and this made international
news-- picture
of two humanoids laying
together on the ground
kind of at an angle as
if they were blown over.
And maybe have passed away or
deceased right there on Mars
with their garbs,
their clothes on.
You can see their fingers,
their hands, the face, the eyes,
the nose, even the eyelashes.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>CARSON: All there.
It's almost like one of those--
>>NOORY: Huddled together?
>>CARSON: Huddled together.
And appeared to have died
right there in that spot.
>>NOORY: It's like some
of the things we're
hearing from Pompeii after
that volcano exploded,
Mount Vesuvius.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
Yes.
>>NOORY: That some of the
people were huddled together
and died instantly when the
molted ash and everything else
came down on them.
It sounds like--
>>CARSON: Very similar.
>>NOORY: Very similar.
>>CARSON: Very, very similar.
There's obviously evidence
of a major catastrophe
on Mars, geologically.
That's not without a doubt.
I mean, everybody knows
that now in science.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: But this, you are
absolutely right about Pompeii
and maybe even now the Indus
Valley in Mohenjo-daro where
there's still bodies laying
in the street holding hands.
And even the animals
won't scavenge them
because the bodies
are still radioactive.
>>NOORY: After
looking at what you
did on Mars, what have
you concluded about what
might have happened there?
>>CARSON: I concluded that there
may be two situations on Mars.
One appears to possibly
be a major pole
shift of the crust
of the planet itself.
And there obviously is the
asteroid belt right outside
of Mars.
That asteroid belt
appears to have
been a super massive
planet in ancient times,
super ancient,
millions of years ago.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>CARSON: That
might have exploded.
And one side of that--
I think that Mars originally
was a moon of this planet.
And one side of Mars is charred.
And I think that was the
side that took the explosion.
And when that mass
hit Mars, I think
it shifted the crust
of the planet itself.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>CARSON: Instantly,
within minutes.
That was a major catastrophe.
Then I think millions of years
later it started to come back.
But then I believe that
there were wars on Mars.
There seems to be a lot
of evidence of destruction
that may not be as geological
as before in the past.
>>NOORY: Sounds familiar
to where we've been
and where we could go.
>>CARSON: Absolutely,
absolutely.
>>NOORY: When the
images come in, Billy,
they go to Jet
Propulsion Laboratory.
And of course, they do
a lot of analysis there.
>>AUDIENCE: The colors that
you're showing in these images,
are they natural color
or white balance color?
>>MICHAEL MALIN: You want
me to answer one at a time?
They are not white balance.
They're what the
camera sent back.
I just brighten it up because
the illumination in Mars
is much less than at Earth.
And we were concerned
when we set the exposures
to be able to make
sure that if there
was something glinting that we
didn't saturate the detector.
So the images were
pretty underexposed
for a normal photographer.
So I just brightened them up.
And that's just what the
bare filter gives you
when you look at Mars.
>>NOORY: Now that of
course, is Michael Malin.
And he's got his own company
that does a lot of work
with NASA.
Why would colors be
so important on Mars?
>>CARSON: Well, one of the most
important things that I think
people need to
understand is that a lot
of the imagery coming back
from Mars has red filters
and white balancing
put into them.
And why?
>>NOORY: Are they doctored?
>>CARSON: They're doctored.
There's no doubt about it.
You can actually see, without
using any type of technology,
without using
magnifying glasses,
you can actually see
parts of the images that
are obfuscated purposefully.
Because you see, the image
starts out phenomenally clear.
And you get to a part where you
go, I think I see something.
And all of a sudden
it's obfuscated.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>CARSON: It's
blurred intentionally.
Things are turned into
to look like rocks
when they're not really rocks.
And sometimes you simply take
the Burn tool from Photoshop
and start rubbing it on there.
And you start burning
through that fake layer
that they put on, you can
see what's underneath it.
>>NOORY: Almost as if that
NASA is telling people,
I want you to
alter these things.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I
believe that they
have a team of
probably even some very
sophisticated software.
Even on the Rover
deck itself, when
you read the technical
specs, it has
the capability of running
software balancing out,
what they call "balancing out"
the images before they even
transmit it to the satellite
and then back to Earth.
And of course,
they're transmitting,
or they're showing the public
very low quality images.
The camera is supposedly
a two megapixel camera.
Which is-- I mean,
that's extremely low.
I mean, why would you send a
$2.5 billion rover to a planet
with a two megapixel camera?
>>NOORY: Right.
We don't even use those here.
>>CARSON: No, our cell
phones are 10 megapixels.
I mean, come on.
>>NOORY: At least.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
So I really believe that they
have a much better camera.
I don't think that's the truth.
And they're giving us two
megapixel images sometimes,
only sometimes.
Most of the time it's
less than two megapixels.
>>NOORY: Gees.
>>CARSON: And you have to
really go in and really analyze
these images very carefully.
They do have a couple of
different cameras on deck.
They have the MAHLI.
They have the two
Mastcam cameras.
And they also have
something called a KAI-2020,
which takes a 720p HD video.
Which we've never
seen any video.
>>NOORY: But they've got it.
>>CARSON: They've got the video.
>>NOORY: Why are they
holding back on us, Billy?
Why don't they want us to say,
look at what we've discovered.
There are structures on Mars.
There are artifacts there.
Look at what we've found.
Why don't they do that?
>>CARSON: Because it's all
about control and power.
You see, once you tell
people that there's
a remnant of an ancient
civilization on a planet
and we found these
remnants, now you
have to share this
information with the world.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: And that
means you've got
to share whatever you discover.
Technology wise,
maybe they're really
researching this war
that appears to have
happened on this planet.
And now all of a sudden it's
a security risk in their eyes.
I think that they'd
like to be way
ahead of the game at all times.
And they don't want anybody to
know that there is something
there, that there maybe even
potentially could be a threat
to back to Earth from there.
Or maybe that they're going
there on a Christopher Columbus
type of excursion to really
take over what's left.
You know, it's just a
very strange situation.
And I think that they really
are looking to cover up.
And will only give out
tiny bits of disclosure
over a very long period of time.
>>NOORY: Somebody, Billy,
somewhere, within agencies,
has seen these
incredible images.
And has seen the images
we don't get to see.
Images that even
you don't get to see
because of the deterioration
of the pictures.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: When do they go public?
When does somebody like
that decide to say,
I'm going to Billy Carson and
I'm telling him everything.
It that going to happen?
>>CARSON: It might happen.
But the biggest problem you
have is the NASA scientists
that are dying.
In the last 10 years, over
200 NASA scientists are dead.
>>NOORY: What do you mean, dead?
>>CARSON: Gone.
>>NOORY: Strangely?
>>CARSON: Strangely.
Car accidents, ski
slope accidents.
>>NOORY: Two hundred?
>>CARSON: Two hundred.
It's a really big list.
And every single one you read
of you're going, you know,
drove off the side
of a mountain.
>>NOORY: This is bizarre.
>>CARSON: It's
extremely bizarre.
Different types of weird
cancers that just pop up.
I mean, you have so many
of these NASA scientists
literally just dying.
It's kind of horrifying.
And I think that the people
who may want to come out
are afraid to, you know, to die.
>>NOORY: Now a
conspiracy expert would
say that they are being
killed off for some reason.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: If that's true,
what's that reason?
>>CARSON: The reason would be
not to get this information out
to the public.
Because they have their own
timed level of disclosure
that they want to put out.
They just released OK--
at first they were saying that
Mars was a cold, dead place.
Then they came out a few
years ago and said, oh--
>>NOORY: It has
oceans, it had oceans.
>>CARSON: The temperature
at the equator
is 90 degrees at the equator.
Now it has water and lakes
and potentially small oceans
or small seas, I would say.
They show a picture
of mountains on Mars
with water coming down
the mountain on TV.
It's amazing.
And now they're
going to come in 2020
with this next particular
Rover going out,
I think they're going to
announce that there's bacteria.
You know, bacterial life.
>>NOORY: Which is life.
Which is life.
>>CARSON: So they will
make that announcement.
And then I believe from
there, over many more years,
they'll get to more insects
and then maybe into mammals.
Meanwhile, Elon Musk and
his crew will be there.
And they'll be the
Christopher Columbus
like they're the first
explorers discovering things.
>>NOORY: Will they hold back?
>>CARSON: No, they're going.
But I think they're the front
for something even bigger.
>>NOORY: Do you think they're
going to tell us, though?
>>CARSON: I think no.
I don't think they're
going to tell us.
going to tell us the truth.
I think everything has been
signed and agreed upon.
I love Elon Musk
and I love SpaceX.
I love what they're doing.
>>NOORY: Well, hopefully
they'll say something.
>>CARSON: Maybe somebody will
leak some information out.
>>NOORY: But when you
talk about oceans on Mars,
they were Earth-like
weren't they?
>>CARSON: Oh, they're
very Earth-like.
>> We now know that Mars was wet
for a much longer time than we
thought before.
Curiosity shows it was wet
for 1 and 1/2 billion years,
already much longer
than the period of time
needed for life to
develop on Earth.
And now, we see that Mars must
have been wet for a period
even longer.
>> It's fascinating that we can
learn so much about 4.5 billion
years ago when measurements
are taken right now.
And ultimately, we
can conclude this idea
of an ocean covering
20% of the planet, which
opens the idea of habitability
and the evolution of life
on the planet.
>>NOORY: That's exciting to me.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Because if
you have liquid water,
and it's somewhat warm,
you're going to have life.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's just natural.
>>CARSON: Just natural.
And what's amazing when you
look at a lot of these images
from Mars, you
actually can see what
appear to be algae and different
types of small plant life.
You don't see any massive
trees or anything like that
until you get to the
north and south pole.
There are actual images of
what appear to be pine trees.
Now it could be an illusion.
But they appear to be trees.
>>NOORY: But they don't look
like rock formations, do they?
>>CARSON: They don't look
like rock formations at all.
And they appear to
be you know, snow all
around them at the base.
And then trees that
are standing up
off the surface of the planet.
>>NOORY: Alive?
Still alive or petrified?
>>CARSON: No, still alive.
These appear to be very alive.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARSON: At the
north and south pole.
>>NOORY: What if
there are critters
running around the planet?
>>CARSON: I believe
that there actually are.
My personal opinion, some
of the things that I've seen
appear to be.
>>NOORY: Like rodents
and things like?
>>CARSON: Little rodents.
And the reason why I think
that they appear to be alive
is because based on where
the camera from the Mastcam
from the Rovers looking to
take that picture, the object,
the anomaly, appears to be
looking back at the camera.
So if it was a statue
or something like that,
why would it be
looking at the camera?
And this happens many times.
You see these
anomalies that appear
to be biological organisms
always looking directly
at the camera.
Whether they're bent at an
angle and turning to look,
but they're looking
at the camera.
And I think that's
really bizarre.
>>NOORY: Billy Mars and
Earth, they're very similar.
I mean, it formed at the same
time, the same complexity.
They had water, they
had oceans, temperatures
were about the same.
There's no question in my mind
that life on Earth and life
on Mars may be very similar.
Did Mars have a civilization
much like Earth did?
>>CARSON: I really
believe that it did.
And the reason why
is because when
you go into some of the
ancient text, the Mahabharata,
the Bhagavad Gita, some
of the Indian Vedas,
and also the Sumerian
tablets, you discover
that they had apparently--
Atlantis was like an
interplanetary civilization.
They would travel
from Earth to Mars.
People were on Mars.
And according to even
the Annunaki epic,
there were people on Mars called
the Igigi that were actually
mining Mars for resources.
And they would then take those
resources back to their home
planet, wherever that may be.
But there was a
communication back and forth.
And even in some of the
cylinder scrolls its shows earth
and Mars with this winged disk
with a funny emblem on it.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CARSON: And it
appears to be that might
have been even the communication
piece between the two planets.
Maybe that was the
Black Knight Satellite,
which is still hovering
above our heads right now.
But nevertheless, I believe
from these ancient texts they
describe these trips there.
And that these people were
there and we were here.
And a few whistle
blowers have come forward
and said that the
people on Mars looked
like the ancient Egyptians.
>>NOORY: Who came first?
Martians or Earthlings?
>>CARSON: I think that
the Earthlings came first.
And then later, because in
the Epoch of the Anunnaki,
when you read that
information about the tablets
where the Igigi were fed up with
working in slave labor on Mars,
they actually came to
Earth and took some females
to take back to Mars with
them, because they even
had no females there.
So I think they took
some Earth humans back,
which may be the
reference in Genesis 6
where they came here
and took those women
and made them into their wives
and took them back to Mars.
>>NOORY: That could be.
That could be.
The interpretation
of Genesis, if you
look at it toward an
extraterrestrial presence,
makes a lot of sense.
The angels could have
been ETs, for example.
>>CARSON: I believe.
>>NOORY: The Nephilim,
those that came down here.
And as you say, that may
have taken the Earth women
and taken them off the planet.
So they must have looked
pretty similar to what we look.
>>CARSON: I think that we
look like them, according
to what I've studied so far
and research, and a lot of the
lectures that I've been to.
And I've discovered
that it appears
that somehow at
some point in time,
the already evolving
hominid on this planet
was genetically modified
to a certain point
to come to a certain level of--
I hate to say it--
but you know, become
a slave, a genetic
slave to these beings.
>>NOORY: The theory
of Zecharia Sitchin.
>>CARSON: Right,
Zecharia Sitchin.
And even now, other many
researchers that have come out
and kind of really discovered
the same information.
It's almost as if the
human race, unfortunately,
was designed to
become a slave race.
But I believe that in the
very, very beginning that
was the whole purpose of it.
>>NOORY: What happened
to Mars, Billy?
What happened?
>>CARSON: Well you
know, they call
it the God of War for a reason.
And I really do
believe that they
found a lot of traces of
nuclear war in the sand there.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>CARSON: This has come forward
by a few scientists now.
And you can even find it
in the radio spectrometry
from satellites and so
forth that it appears
to have been a war or
something that would give off
this nuclear signature.
And I'm thinking that they're
calling this place the God
of War for a specific reason.
That there really was
an interplanetary war.
In some of the ancient
texts, it talks
about a pyramid war
that was going on
between these Anunnaki.
And it wasn't just on Earth.
It was between Earth,
the moon, and Mars.
And I believe that Mars got
the worst of the whole thing.
Mars and our moon got the
worst of it, I believe.
>>NOORY: Wouldn't you'd
love to be in a time machine
and go back and just witness
some of these things?
>>CARSON: Oh, it
would be amazing.
I dream about it all the time.
You know, I've
practiced remote viewing
just so I can try to
get the opportunity
to maybe see some of the
experiences that have actually
happened back then
and some of the things
that may have happened.
But the research material
is so abundant now for us,
we can really paint ourselves
a pretty good picture.
We may not all be
exactly correct.
Sitchin's story maybe
off here, you know.
Everybody's story's got a
little bit something off.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: But the
underlying story, I believe,
is pretty much all the same.
>>NOORY: What about Venus?
>>CARSON: Venus?
>>NOORY: What do you think the
planet of Venus might sustain?
>>CARSON: Venus is
absolutely amazing.
The Magellan mission
to Venus in the 1980s
sent back some
incredible radar images.
>>NOORY: Old technology too.
>>CARSON: Old technology,
old technology
that sent back-- because they
used radar because they wanted
to penetrate the thick clouds.
And what we got back is
absolutely astonishing.
The images show the surface
structures on Venus.
And you can literally
see cities there.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CARSON: You can
see as if you were
in a plane that was
70, 80,000 feet up
and you were looking down.
>>NOORY: Old cities
or current cities?
>>CARSON: I can't say that
they look that they're old.
Because I don't see destruction.
Now I could be wrong.
But what I see is intact cities.
>>NOORY: Because
if they were old,
they would crumble
just from erosion.
>>CARSON: Yeah, you
would see only a third
of a building, a quarter
of a building, you know.
You wouldn't see tops of roofs.
But from that angle
from the radar
imagery which mapped
the entire planet,
you see cities everywhere.
And you see tops.
Which is very bizarre.
Because when you go to Mars
and you look at the imagery,
you see one third
high structures,
2/3 high structures,
quarter high structure,
but you don't see any
tops, very few tops.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARSON: Most of the images
you see a lot of flood damage.
>>NOORY: What do these
cities look like?
>>CARSON: They actually
look like modern day cities
you would just
see here on Earth.
>>NOORY: Skyscrapers?
>>CARSON: New York,
yeah, skyscrapers.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARSON: Tall buildings.
Bays, it's a very--
listen, it's amazing.
And people will go, well, it's
impossible to have something
on Venus.
Well, a lot of people
don't know that the Venera
Mission from Russia
went to Venus 16 times.
>>NOORY: That landed there.
>>CARSON: Landed there.
They went there 16 times, OK.
And it is the old, NASA says
it's so hot, there's scolding
heat, thousands of degrees.
Nothing can survive it.
Well, how can you land with a
parachute, fabric parachute,
16 times on Venus?
>>NOORY: And it
functions when it hits.
>>CARSON: Thank
you, it functions.
And not only that,
I think it was
Venera 14 that sent
back an image of what
looked like a land
crab on the surface.
In one image it's
here, next image
it moves, another
image it's here.
Then in the fourth
image it's gone.
And the explanation that
we got back from NASA
was that they think a lens
cap fell off of the lander.
But people don't know that
there's 16 missions to Venus
already.
>>NOORY: Let's pop back to Mars.
Something happened
to their atmosphere.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They had
it, it was gone.
What do you think happened?
>>CARSON: I think
that in the last war
that they really bombed
that planet significantly.
And I think one of those
bombs created such a hole
in the atmosphere that let
a lot of the gases escape,
and maybe even rocked
the crust, which
may have already been unstable.
It may have hit--
>>NOORY: Right.
But it went fast.
>>CARSON: It went very fast.
Hit it in a way which
had another shift.
Tom van Flandern,
he stated that he
thought there were two
shifts of the crust of Mars.
And I came to the same
conclusion just based
on all that history.
And this more recent war
seems to have maybe given it
its second crustal shift, pole
shift of the crust itself.
Which would have
caused the mountains
to collapse into the oceans.
And then the oceans would
have over flooded the land.
And the atmosphere would have
definitely fled the planet.
>>NOORY: You mentioned
SpaceX and Elon Musk.
He just loves space projects.
He's one of a kind.
>>ELON MUSK: What I really
want to try to achieve here
is to make Mars seem possible.
Make it seem as though
it's something that we
can do in our lifetimes.
And that you can go.
There are really two
fundamental paths.
History is going to bifurcate
along two directions.
One path is we stay
on Earth forever.
The alternative is to become
a spacefaring civilization
and a multi-planet species.
Which I hope you would agree,
that is the right way to go.
>>NOORY: I think, Billy,
people like Elon Musk
are just so important
to where we're going
to head with our space program.
>>CARSON: Absolutely, I mean,
in my opinion there's two space
programs, the
Secret Space Program
and then you have the
main space program.
>>NOORY: The one we
think is going on.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
He's part of the
one that is more
in the face of the population.
And thankfully so.
Because he's actually
pushing things
in a direction to wake people
up to the fact that we are,
our birthright is space.
Our birthright is space travel
and populating other planets.
And we actually do
need to populate
other planets to sustain
ourselves and the human race.
Otherwise, you know,
there will come a time
where this planet potentially
could face destruction.
We don't know when.
But it has happened in
the past, and it possibly
can happen again in the future.
So I love what he's done, and
loved a lot of the innovations
that he's been able to do
with limited technology.
Meaning not limited to
mean he's not advanced,
but I mean compared to
some of the technologies
that we know are
potentially available,
he's maximized what
has been allowed.
And I really give my
hat's off to that.
>>NOORY: He wants a civilization
on Mars, doesn't he?
>>CARSON: Yes, he
does, I believe so.
And he will get it.
I think there's already a
breakaway civilization there,
that has possibly been
there for a very long time.
I think there's an
infrastructure already being
developed on Mars for many
years by people from Earth.
Not by aliens or
nothing like that,
but from people from Earth.
And I believe that is
a very small remnant
of a breakaway civilization
there that has been established
and has already been
making way for missions
like this in the future.
>>NOORY: Other people like
Elon Musk pushing to do this?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Or is he like
way ahead of everybody?
>>CARSON: He's way ahead,
but there's other people
that are looking to do this.
Virgin Galactic, Branson,
he's very interested.
He's got two ships that
he's built now, spaceships.
That he's looking
to make missions
that can go and come back
from different places.
His first one,
unfortunately, crashed.
But he's already working,
got his second one up now
and testing.
I like his mission because
he's got a vehicle that's
designed to go and come back.
I want to come back.
And then you also have
Bigelow Aerospace.
>>NOORY: Right.
Bob Bigelow's been doing this.
>>CARSON: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: He wants a hotel
up there, doesn't he?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That's what he's
trying to build.
He's building a
space platform that's
going to be larger than the ISS.
And I believe that he's going
to work along with probably
Branson and Elon Musk at
SpaceX to transport people
back and forth.
And maybe even to
other moons and other--
even if they don't
land, maybe just orbit
a moon of Jupiter or something
and then come back, you know.
I think it's a big
prospect for private space.
>>NOORY: Billy, will
other countries like China
get to Mars and reveal things
way before even we will?
>>CARSON: I think that
they want to reveal things.
But the problem that you
have is the United States
has so much control
over space right
now, just around our planet.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: Every war that's
won, like the war in Iraq
and everything, they're
all won from space.
Without space you
can't win those wars.
Because those are
all space wars.
And what I mean is
the communications
all operate from satellites.
And we've dominated
the satellite system
around Earth, the
web around Earth.
>>NOORY: There's like 2,700
satellites up there now.
From all nations.
>>CARSON: From all nations.
But we dominate the
majority of them
and have control over
the majority of them.
And also then, the
risk of facing embargo.
So you're a country that
wants to expose something.
And you know that if you
expose this information,
your country may
face an embargo.
You may be banned from
selling to this country
or shipping goods
to that country.
You may be a target from space.
And so what do you do?
You just fall in line
with what's going on
and just take in the profits
and keep everything quiet.
>>NOORY: What does your
group feel about where
we're headed with exploration?
>>CARSON: We're headed in a
good direction with exploration.
In other words,
they're going out there
and doing some pretty good
missions that are sending back
a lot of great data, even
the mission that we just
went to Pluto.
The mission to Mercury
was phenomenal.
We got a lot of phenomenal
data from these missions.
Like for example, people
think Mercury, again,
you couldn't live there.
But Mercury has more
oxygen on it than Earth.
Mercury is 42% oxygen. Earth
is 20.9% oxygen. You know,
so people realize these things.
There's a lot of--
>>NOORY: It's just a little
too close to the sun.
>>CARSON: It's a
little too close.
But it only rotates on its
axis once every 59 days.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: So the
majority of the planet
isn't in the sun on
a consistent basis.
And it actually has
a cooling effect.
So now they've discovered
billions of tons of water
on Mercury.
>>NOORY: That has
not evaporated?
>>CARSON: Not evaporated.
>>NOORY: You make space
search fun, by the way.
>>CARSON: Thank you, thank you.
>>NOORY: You know that?
You do.
Are you the spokesperson
for the group as well?
>>CARSON: Yes, I am.
>>NOORY: OK.
And tell me about your sites.
Because you get millions of
hits on your sites all the time.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I'm the original founder
of forbidden knowledge
with the number four,
So 4biddenknowledge.
And it's 4biddenknowledge.com.
Then I started putting out this
information about all our years
and years of research
that I've been involved
with from everything
from ancient mysteries
to current technology to
suppressed information.
And it really has exploded.
So from forbidden
knowledge to the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
>>NOORY: What do
you think is going
to be the big breakthrough,
Billy, in terms of information
disclosure to us?
I mean, I've talked to so
many people who all agree,
except one or two,
that we're not going
to get government disclosure.
How are we going
to get the answers?
>>CARSON: The answers are being
given out by groups like us.
We are your disclosure.
And they're allowing
it to happen.
They know that we are
discovering these anomalies.
>>NOORY: They can't
stop you, can they?
>>CARSON: They can't stop--
I don't think they
want to stop us.
I think we're part of
an experiment with them.
In other words,
they're in a weird way,
they're kind of using us
to bring forth information
to the public.
>>NOORY: Bigger story if
they do try to stop you.
Because that makes
reference that maybe you're
on to something.
>>CARSON: Absolutely, for sure.
>>NOORY: Rather just-- if
I were running a government
and I wanted to discredit
you, I would not
do anything negative to you.
I would just let
you do your thing.
And then I would just let
people say, anomalies on Mars?
Oh, come on.
And just leave it like that.
But the day I try to
shut you down gives you
the credibility that you need.
>>CARSON: Absolutely, and
there's no doubt about it.
Right now we're just
out here talking.
A lot of people
are really starting
to research the anomalies
that we have put out
and a lot of the information
that I've put out
through 4biddenknowledge.
And they're starting
to go, wait a minute.
This is interesting here.
I mean, these things
are really here.
I see them myself.
It's not like it's just on TV.
It's like I've
gone, we give people
direction on how to look
them up for their selves.
And we like people to
get involved with us.
We actually invite them in.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>CARSON: Versus just here's
what we got, look at it.
No we actually
want you guys to be
a part of this whole process.
>>NOORY: Do you do
any investigating
or looking at images sent
from the International Space
Station?
>>CARSON: Oh, all
the time a lot.
A lot of video.
>>NOORY: That's a
strange, strange place.
>>CARSON: They're
great for video.
And their videos are--
>>NOORY: But don't
they shut these down
after something happens?
>>CARSON: Yeah, they shut
them down pretty quick,
but so many have gotten through.
So many that they didn't
even realize happened
have gotten through until
afterwards and it was too late.
A lot of interesting
anomalies in space right
around our planet of objects.
Some 20 meters, some
20 miles in diameter.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh, huge.
>>CARSON: Huge.
>>NOORY: And they're not
satellites, are they?
>>CARSON: No, they're
not satellites.
You can see them
congregating around
the tops of lightning storms.
You can see them leaving
and coming and going
from the planet's surface.
And a lot of these objects
are hiding in the infrared
and the multi-spectrum.
Because when that multi-spectrum
camera goes on on the ISS,
all of a sudden, you
see all of these things
flying around and moving around.
It's amazing.
>>NOORY: Some believe
that there is a cover up
from the International
Space Station.
>> So if you didn't see it,
I'm going to play it again.
And I'm going to zoom in right
up here near the solar panels
where this thing first appears.
It's flying overhead
and in the distance.
And there it is.
Did you guys see it?
Now watch, it's
going to come back
out going the
opposite direction.
There it goes.
You see it?
And there's the hand.
Immediately after
this thing flies past,
this hand goes right
in front of the camera.
So if you still
haven't seen it, let's
go ahead and slow this down.
There's the object.
There it is.
Look as it curves and flies
out into space disappearing.
And there's the hand that
comes in front trying
to hide the camera's view.
>>NOORY: All right.
Granted, something went
by there and we saw it.
I don't know what it was.
What do you think?
>>CARSON: It's another
object that's apparently,
for whatever reason, they're
flying all around the planet.
>>NOORY: Could it be ours?
>>CARSON: It could be ours.
It could be somebody else's.
We don't know.
I mean, our governments
are so advanced now.
They used to be 50
years ahead of us.
I personally believe now they're
about 300 years ahead of us
of what we know exists.
The famous Ben Rich
made a statement
that we can take ET home.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: And I really think
that we have that technology.
But I also really do believe
after listening to the NASA
black box from Apollo
11, and I actually
downloaded all the transcripts
directly from NASA.gov
from the Apollo 11 black box.
The astronauts say look at
that convex crater down there.
I bet the people in
there never get out.
And I really
believe that there's
people living on the moon.
I really, honestly believe that.
>>NOORY: From Earth?
>>CARSON: They
could be from Earth.
Or they could be
from somewhere else.
But to make a statement like
that, I don't think you just
openly would say something
like that on the Apollo 11
official mission just
to be making a joke.
Nobody laughed.
And then the guy
tried to make him
change the subject real quick.
So this is amazing
evidence and proof.
And a lot of the black box tapes
are all marked out, top secret.
But that particular one
statement they left it there.
And they left the voice
file there as well.
That's pretty interesting.
>>NOORY: That is.
Billy, you talked about
earlier a secret space program.
Corey Goode has
talked about on Gaia
a secret space program as well.
What is the purpose of
a secret space program?
To me it sounds military.
>>CARSON: It really
is, in my opinion,
more military than civilian.
Obviously, it's top secret.
It's very secure.
When I saw Corey Goode
speak, it was the first time
I got to see him
speak by himself,
just him talking to a crowd.
And he went back
to his childhood
and was talking real briefly.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CARSON: And
emotionally, I felt it.
And I saw him get choked up.
He really went
through something.
This guy is--
>>NOORY: Something
happened to him.
>>CARSON: Something happened.
Something really happened.
Because when he got choked
up, it almost made me get
choked up.
Because I really felt that he
was being extremely candid.
>>NOORY: He was reliving this.
And to get choked up,
something bad happen.
>>CARSON: Yes.
The program that
he's talking about,
the programs, actually plural,
really do, in my mind exist.
Quite a few people
have come forward
now talking about
similar programs,
including the former Foreign
Minister of Defense for Canada.
>>NOORY: Paul Hellyer.
>>CARSON: Paul Hellyer, correct.
And I really think when you
have this many credible sources
coming forward,
making the claims
that this program
exists, and I believe
that this program exists for
further exploration of space,
communication with
ETs that have us
on ourselves on a very
slow process of involvement
into the bigger family, so to
speak, the galactic community.
And we're on a trial
basis, and we're
working our way into
getting a seat at the table.
>>NOORY: If you want to stay
ahead of other countries,
I think a normal space
program that is secret
is probably very important.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
You can go--
>>NOORY: I don't
fault them for that.
>>CARSON: No, you can't.
Listen, you go all they way
back into ancient times,
there were people were
flying devices three
and four thousand years ago.
Now not like high tech
helicopters and things
like that, but they had
these flying devices
>>NOORY: The Vimanas, huh?
>>CARSON: Vimanas, they
had different types of--
a version of kind
of a helicopter.
But it was a weird device that
used a combination of balloons
and a rotator on top.
Now these kings and
leaders of these countries
that owned these devices,
when you research it,
they would keep them
extremely quiet.
Because if their enemy
discovered them and were
able to reproduce
them or steal them--
>>NOORY: Sure, or steal them.
>>CARSON: Then they
can come back and use
them to fight against them.
Get over their walls and drop
things on them, bombs on them
or whatever and blow them up.
So and drop fireballs or
whatever the case may be.
So these things were kept
extremely, extremely top
secret, even back then.
And I think every society,
going all the way back as far
as you can go,
always had weapons
that were kept extremely
secret, or technology
was kept extremely
secret so that nobody
would be able to use it
against them, you know,
against themselves.
>>NOORY: What do you think
your next breakthrough will be?
As you investigate images,
anomalies, what do you think
is going to happen?
>>CARSON: I think the
next big breakthrough
is going to be actually getting
confirmation of life on one
of these moons or planets.
>>NOORY: That would be exciting.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I think that's going to be the
next big, big breakthrough,
we have captured what
we think might be life.
But I'm talking about
something that really
appears to be alive, alive.
Maybe whether it's
a voice transmission
that we capture and decipher.
Or maybe whether
it's an image that
came through that shows
maybe aquatic life
or something like that.
But I really believe
that that's going
to be one of the
biggest catalysts
to take us over the top is
discovering something alive.
>>NOORY: Billy, to me
it's kind of sad when you
look at the anomalies on Mars.
And as you were talking about
structures that are now gone,
are empty.
People are gone.
It's kind of sad to
look at the desolation,
and then think back
of the tragedy that
might have occurred that day
over a period of time that
completely obliterated
the planet.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
And one of the
biggest reasons why
I am into this anomaly
hunting, to be honest with you,
is because I truly believe that
those who do not know the past
are destined to
fail in the future.
>>NOORY: True.
>>CARSON: And I think
people go, "why do you
care about this so much?"
Well, because I want to know
what really happened back then.
Because I don't want
it to happen again.
I want to be part
of the process that
alters our space
time continuum, that
alters the path of mankind.
So we can even go back
into the golden age
and experience it much better.
I won't be here to see it, but
many others generations down
will be able to see it.
I want to be able to have
mankind experience that
bliss once again and get to a
higher level of civilization,
peace, and just tranquility.
>>NOORY: Safe to
say you're obsessed
with getting these answers?
>>CARSON: I'm obsessed
with it nonstop.
It's a day in, day out.
I'm so blessed to be able now
to do it pretty much full time.
And so I've been able to really
dedicate a lot of my life
to just these topics
and bringing information
to the people.
>>NOORY: Don't give up.
>>CARSON: I won't, man.
That's one of my newest
songs, "Never Give Up."
I just wrote a song with
some guys named that.
That's my main
goal, never give up.
>>NOORY: What's the
answer you're looking for?
>>CARSON: The answer is how
do we learn from the past?
We know, even though it's not
official, that there were wars.
There were wars.
There's evidence of wars
on Earth and on the moon
and on Mars.
The main goal is how
can we prevent this
from happening again?
How can we wake up the
people on this planet
to realize we've got to
take control of this planet?
>>NOORY: We better
wake up soon, too.
>>CARSON: We got
to wake up soon.
We can't let a hundred people
control seven billion people
anymore.
The power has to go
back to the people
so that we can
prevent these things.
If we allow
everybody to still be
subservient to these very few
people that are controlling all
these wars and
profits, we're going
to end up in a very, very
bad situation very quick.
>>NOORY: I sure remember back
in the '60s the slogan "Power
to the People."
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: And at
that time, Billy,
I didn't quite understand, what
are these people talking about?
But it makes sense now.
>>CARSON: Absolutely,
absolutely.
The numbers, we
have the numbers.
There's seven billion of us.
And all we've got to do is stand
up and it's over, game over.
>>NOORY: What is that one
piece of evidence on Mars
that you could show
to people and say,
look at what I've been
trying to tell you?
>>CARSON: The man and the woman
collapsed, crouched together,
apparently passed away in that
spot from whatever tragedy
occurred at that moment
to take them down
is one of the most heartbreaking
pieces of evidence I have ever
seen.
>>NOORY: Are they
about our size?
>>CARSON: They're smaller.
They're much smaller.
They come up probably
to our waist.
>>NOORY: And do they
look humanoid or do
they look like the alien grays?
>>CARSON: They look humanoid.
You know, if they were here,
you would think that they
would just dwarf humans.
>>NOORY: Just little people.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Maybe we'll get
that answer one day, Billy.
>>CARSON: I hope so.
I really do.
>>NOORY: And where do people
get information on what you do?
>>CARSON: You can go to
4biddenknowledge.com.
>>NOORY: With a four.
>>CARSON: With the number four.
>>NOORY: The number four.
>>CARSON: You can also go to
4biddenknowledge on Instagram.
That's one of my larger
accounts, with the number four.
As well as the United Family of
a Anomaly Hunters on Facebook.
And you can go to
anomalyhunters.tv
to see all of the work from
all of our anomaly hunters.
Anomalyhunters.tv.
>>NOORY: Billy, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>CARSON: Thank you so
much, I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Isn't it amazing?
We have an individual
and a group
of people who look at images
from planetary systems
like Mars and they are
actually seeing artifacts
from prior civilizations.
It is truly remarkable.
And you get to see
that on Beyond Belief.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]